docs: update upgrading for FAB3 OAuth change (#10253)
apache/superset: UPDATING.md

## Next

> * [9964](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/9964): Breaking change on Flask-AppBuilder 3, if your using OAuth, checkout what needs to change [here](https://github.com/dpgaspar/Flask-AppBuilder/blob/master/README.rst#change-log).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [9964](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/9964): Breaking change on Flask-AppBuilder 3. If you're using OAuth, find out what needs to be changed [here](https://github.com/dpgaspar/Flask-AppBuilder/blob/master/README.rst#change-log).
```
